Update PR template and little cosmetic in docs (#22)
predictionmachine/pm-coding-template: docs/coding-standard.md

## Dev Environment

* Mac/Linux preferred. For Windows, use [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10)
* Do use separate [virtual env](https://docs.python.org/3/library/venv.html) for each repo.
* IDE:
  * For long-term contributors we prefer that you use the
  [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) IDE (if you are already
  using IntelliJ, IntelliJ with Python plugin may work)
  * [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) may also be viable if that's your strong preference
* Pair Programming:

>   * We are evaluating [Duckly](https://duckly.com/tools/pycharm) as a way to pair on code, 

Reviewer: let's "ship it"
```suggestion
  * We use [Duckly](https://duckly.com/tools/pycharm) as a way to pair on code, 
```

## Github: branches, pull requests

> * 🛑 No new repos: do not create a new repository on your own -- Create a task on [ClickUp](https://app.clickup.com/login) to request one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 🛑 No new repos: do not create a new repository on your own -- Create a task on [ClickUp](https://app.clickup.com/login), assign to @manasRK to request one.
```
